1.From the given anagrams select the odd one out.

RKOC, RRIVE, ADNS ,   LNDA  -->RRIV

2.Introducing a man, a woman said. "He is the husband of my mother's   only daughter”, How is the woman related to the man?-->WIFE

3.A lady is facing South-East. She turns 180° in the clockwise direction, then 360° in the anticlockwise direction and then another
270° in the clockwise direction. Which direction is she facing now?-->SOUTH-WEST

4.The question consists of two statements I and II. Find out if the information given in the statement(s) is sufficient to finding the solution for the problem.

What is the name of Amrita's father?

Statements: 1) Smriti is Amrita's mother.   II) Akhilesh is the husband of Smriti.-->Both statements put together are sufficient 

5.A boy is facing North-West. He turns 900 in the anticlockwise direction and then 1800 in the same direction. Which direction is he facing now?-->NORTH-EAST

6.Choose the odd man out.  

HAIR,LIAR,FAIR,PAIR-->LIAR

7.The question consists of two statements I and II. Find out if the information given in the statement(s) is sufficient to finding the solution for the problem.

How is Sangeeta related to Manoj?    

Statements:

I) Manoj is the only son of Sangeeta's father.

II) Rohit is Manoj's father.--> Both statement its put together are sufficient    

8.Choose the option that arranges the given set of words in the 'most' meaningful order. The words when put in order should 
make logical sense according to size, quality, quantity, occurrence of events, value, appearance, nature, process, etc.

1.Water

2.Kneading

3.Flour

4.Baking

5.Wheat-->5,3,1,2,4  

9.Meera has lost her way to home and she was standing 25 meters away from her house in the south west direction. She walks 20 meters north 
and reaches point A. How far and in which direction would she have to walk to reach her house?  -->15 meters East

10Pick the odd man out.

ACFJ, CEHL, PRUY, SUXZ      -->SUXZ


10.Choose the correct alternative that will continue the same pattern and fill in the blank spaces:

 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, (....), 17-->13
 
 11.If North-West becomes East and North-East becomes South and so on, then what does East become?-->South West
 
 12.X says, pointing to Y, “He is my sister’s only brother’s son”. How is Y related to X?-->NEPHEW BUT SON IS GIVEN AS ANSWER
 
 13.From the given choices select the odd one out.
 
 a. HGQ

b. BAK

c. DCM

d. MNW-->MNW

